C# ASP.NET Developer: E-Commerce

Salary	£400 - £450 Per Day
Location	London
Job Type	Contract
Date Posted	10-Sep-2010 13:40
Apply
 
 
C# ASP.NET Development: Analyst Level.

Currently looking for a full life cycle C# ASP.NET Developer to work on a large public facing E-commerce website. Candidates wishing to apply for this role must have experience with Payments through websites. ie Credit card payments and high volume transactions. Only apply if you have experience in this area, if in retail even better.

C# ASP.NET Developers required:
C# ASP.NET Developers with a strong track record in creating and producing excellent web applications, based on the .NET platform and using Visual C# .NET as the programming language.
An excellent understanding web site development required.
Understand the latest trends in software architecture and development tools.
Understand development life cycle for web applications.
Excellent knowledge of the development process (specifically C#), including compilation/building, coding standards, source control and unit testing.
Ability to work and recommend technical direction in a fast-paced cross-functional team environment.
Ability to handle several projects simultaneously.
Computer science degree or equivalent preferable but not necessary.
Most importantly passion for technology and software development.

Successful C# ASP.NET candidates will have:
Essential c# ASP.NET skills:
Skills
C# (4 years minimum) (.NET 2.0/3.0/3.5]
ASP.NET (4 years minimum)
LINQ & Entity Framework
Database design and development (2 years minimum)
Source control
Applications
Visual Studio.NET 2008/2010
SQL Server 2008
IIS 7
Windows Server 2008

Desirable but not required c# ASP.NET skills:
Subversion
CruiseControl.NET
NUnit or any other unit testing software
Application Globalisation/Localisation

C# ASP.NET Developer required. London.
----
ASP.NET, C# Developer - World Class Entertainment Company - Lon

Salary	£350 - £450 per day + £350 - £450 / Day
Location	United Kingdom,London
Job Type	Contract
Date Posted	25-Aug-2010 18:08
Apply
 
 
ASP.NET, C# Developer (.NET, Classic ASP, SQL Server, Oracle CRM On Demand Web Services, C#.NET, dot NET, Web Application Development).

Our client has been producing unparalleled entertainment experiences for over 50 years. Today their global business comprises of: film studios, television stations, theme parks, media networks and retail outlets. They are about to embark upon several joint .NET / C# software development projects with Microsoft that will take the IT industry by storm!

We are seeking several contract ASP.NET, C# Developer with full project life cycle experience and a skill set that encompasses: .NET, ASP.NET (using C#), Classic ASP, SQL Server, T-SQL, stored procedures, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX. We are keen to hear from candidates with any knowledge of Oracle CRM On Demand Web Services however this is not essential.

All applicants must be .NET 2.0 Web Developer certified. Please submit your online transcript ID and public access code with your CV. 

The initial contracts will be written for 6 months and are highly likely to be extended thereafter. To apply for this position please send your CV to Nathan Warner at Noir Consulting (nathan.warner@noirconsulting.co.uk). Alternatively call on 0845 2000 672 for additional details.

Noir Consulting continues to be the UK's premier .NET recruitment agency; we can help you make the right career decisions!

(ASP.NET, C# Developer, .NET, Classic ASP, SQL Server, Oracle CRM On Demand Web Services, C#.NET, dot NET, Web Application Development, Analyst Programmer, Engineer, Architect, Consultant, MCTS, MCP, MCSD, MCAD, ASP.NET, C# Developer).
Advertiser	Noir Consulting
Contact Name	Nathan Warner
Telephone	0845 2000 672 (Please reference IT Job Board when calling)
Reference	NC/NW/.NETCLASSIC
---
Salary	£500 - £600 per day
Location	United Kingdom,City of London
Job Type	Contract
Date Posted	17-Aug-2010 10:17
Apply
 
 
C# Senior developer required by leading bespoke financial client in London to join a team building a bespoke AI Engine using the latest technologies - Cloud computing, .Net 4.0, Silverlight 4.0 etc.

You would join the product development team.
This is a skilled all round team where you will need to have experience in every aspect of the software product lifecycle
You will be exposed to many bleeding edge technologies here, and as a contractor, would be educated on technologies that you may not have experienced yet - i.e. cloud computing / Net 4.0

The ideal candidate will have experience with high-performance desktop, client / server and / or web software. The role will involve design, implementation, and management of the clients product line.

Key requirements will include:
Deep understanding of the full software lifecycle
Passionate about software and technology
Understands and implements software best practice
Ability to quickly understand functional requirements and translate into sound technical designs
Manage multiple tasks to deadlines, both in support and development
Client focused with a 'hands-on' attitude, strong communication and presentation skills
Excellent problem solving skills- ability to identify and clearly document issues
Self-motivated with the ability to work with minimal supervision

Required skills and experience will include:
6+ Years OO language
2+ Years experience of .Net / C#
Object orientated design, including GoF Patterns
XML Technologies (3+ Years): XML, XML Schema, XLST
Database technologies (5+ Years): MS SQL and / or Oracle
Web Application Design, including Model / View / Controller
Advertiser	Montash Associates
Contact Name	Daniel Boyle
Telephone	0845 871 0071 (Please reference IT Job Board when calling)
Reference	C/23786t